Welcome segment
  Welcome to our group project. Within this website you will have the opportunity to
  discover our experience during our time completing the UoM foundation year.

Overview about manchester:
  The manchester bee symbolises the industrious nature of the city and its people
  The second largest city in the UK, only beaten by london
  Houses 2 major football clubs, Man city and man united

Student Life:
  Large nightlife including a variety of clubs, bars and comedy clubs
  A variety of societies to participate in, extensive enough for everyone to find their own hobby and commmunity
  student accomodation present across northern, central and southern campus
  
The university of manchester:
  Highly competetive university, that is recognised globally, being number 50th and above in most world rankings for CS
  One of the original red brick universities in the UK, and a russel group university
  It has incredible engineering facilities, and a dedicated building for computer science students

Mini Essay About Website:
  The proccess of creating the website was coming up with key categories we would need to include. From that point,
  we abstracted each topic to smaller subsections to make it easier to handle and get a better idea of what we were working with.
  The benefit of this was we were able to create a Trello board to organize and create a basic layout of the project, and then delegate tasks.
  The next step was to install code editors (Visual Studio) and setup GitHub on them to make collaboration and version control easier.
  We then proceeded to create pages dedicated to each tab and delegated responsabilities. Which allowed us to each work individually in our own style
  and time frame. We then came back together to put and polish of any parts of our code that was not fully complete. We then proceeded to create our
  documentation now that our website was completed. We created our script together using Google Documents as it is possible to collaborate on it
  with multiple people at once. We transferred it to LaTeX and adjusted the formatting to something we all agreed would fit the theme and style of the website.
  With every other aspect complete we proceeded to create our presentation, with each of us explaining how we created our segment of the website and
  everything else inbetween.

  